session.styleFile               :	~/.fluxbox/styles/Nela
session.slitlistFile            :	~/.fluxbox/slitlist
session.keyFile                 :	~/.fluxbox/keys
session.appsFile                :	~/.fluxbox/apps
session.styleOverlay            :	~/.fluxbox/overlay
session.windowMenu              :	~/.fluxbox/windowmenu

session.toolbar.alpha           :	200
session.toolbar.height          :	0
session.toolbar.placement       :	TopLeft
session.toolbar.onhead          :	0
session.toolbar.layer           :	Normal
session.toolbar.visible         :	true
session.toolbar.tools           :	workspacename, iconbar, systemtray, clock
session.toolbar.widthPercent    :	100
session.toolbar.autoHide        :	false
session.toolbar.maxOver         :	false

session.defaultDeco             :	NONE

session.workspaces              :	3
session.workspaceNames          :	ONE, TWO, THREE,

session.strftimeFormat          :	%a, %02k:%M

session.opaqueMove              :	true

session.autoRaise               :	true
session.autoRaiseDelay          :	250
session.forcePseudoTransparency :	false
session.doubleClickInterval     :	250
session.tabsAttachArea          :	Window
session.tabPadding              :	0
session.ignoreBorder            :	false
